Ies work in this lecture we are going to have up to three radio buttons.
Why not to do this?
We turn the container.
We can then have a chart.
And like I said, we are going to have up to three radio buttons and they are going to be displayed
vertically.
So for this purpose, we are going to be using a column.
Equal on widget and children.
And I think it scored video.
With you least list.
And it has a property known as value, which is basically referring to each radio button we have.
And this is going to be the first.
So we can just say one and four, now we can say one.
And it also has a property known as On Change, which is going to take in the value of what we are selecting.
Okay, great.
And we can have a train, comma and via a comma in this country and has to save.
And that's to give this a very good format.
Okay.
And also within the radio list, it has a property known as title.
And for the title, it's going to be a test widget.
And you can just go also with an icon widget.
Okay.
We're just going to say cash on delivery.
It also has a property known as subtitle, which is going to be at the bottom of the title.
You can also have a test widget and be type or whatever you want to be.
Okay.
You know, you can just type or save or maybe if you have that title, you can just have the whatsoever
you want it to be there.
Okay.
For that title, it's going to be right after this cash on delivery.
I'm just going to show you this subtitle.
It can also be a test widget and we can just say pay.
A pay or payment from.
Com.
Okay.
And you want to say to.
Right after this.
Cash on delivery test.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And now we can just copy this.
And is this this is going to be the second video button.
So we have to say the second and this is going to be the third.
And we also do have to say, Ted, and maybe this can be.
Pay with card.
Okay.
And you can just get rid of this subtitle or you can just hold any tests you so desire.
And this could be maybe pay a payment.
With Stripe.
Okay.
Go check this out and you should see off the theory.
And what we want to do now is when we click on this, we want to be able to switch between each radio
button.
To do this, we need to update the you are right.
And in order to update the UI, we have to use the state.
And in order to use this state, we have to use a state for widgets.
So what we can then do is we have to change this to a stateful widget and over here we can then create
a variable is going to be a type of int and we can call this selected item and default is going to be
equal to zero.
Okay.
And.
Within this function.
We can then see, said State.
Said State and the selected.
Item is going to be the value.
Okay.
And you can see we have this error.
And the reason for this is because we have to pass the type of variable we are expecting.
It is a type of end and we also need this.
It can be no.
And how this.
And also, instead of this group value, we can then use that variable we have called selected item.
And this is basically it's okay.
Now we need this.
We can just copy this or you can just manually type that in at that point to get used to you and you
can then get rid of this paste.
And get rid of this and paste.
Now.
Let's go check it out.
Okay.
Sorry.
We also do have to change this to the selected item.
Selected, I tend.
And selected.
Hi, Tim.
Okay.
Control.
This is safe and go check it out.
Okay.
Click on this.
Sounds cool.
And lastly, we can happen to have as well within the scaffold.
Okay, we already have that bar.
We can then have a title.
Crest.
This is going to say payment screen.
And also we can have the center try to to center it by saying true.
Okay.
Is control safe?
And you should see the way.
Okay.
We have to change the color.
The star.
And colour colours that black.
Okay.
And go check it out now.
So that's cool.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.